/*-----------------------------------------------------------------
System Name: Zoinkers!
Artifact Name: vision.txt
Create Date: march 3, 2018
Author: Matt Skeins, mskeins@kent.edu
Version: 1.0
------------------------------------------------------------------*/

introduction:
The goal of this project is to make an effiecient system to track times animals are being
taken care of and then relaying proper viewing times to the customer. The new system will
be efficient, customizable, accessible, and centralized.
The system will be able to suggest the next target for customers to view based on 
favourabillity of the animal and amount of funds remaining. We will be utilizing customers smart
phones to push notifications to them.
Customers can also buy special passes to give a discount to all zoo exhibits.

positioning:

 Business Opportunity
This system would be extremely adaptable, changes to the system such as getting a new exihibit
wouldn't be an issue to update.As the zoo gets new exhibits it wouldnt take long to add to the system also an influx of customers
would be handled within the system so scaling will not be an issue. With the use of smart phones
integration would be extremely easy as smart phone use is common. this system will be designed with ease of use oin mind
for not only customers but employees as well. The only way the system would get
an issue with new technology is if something is created to replace smartphones.

 Problem Statement
Issues that might occur within this system is overcrowding of the zoo. The system may have a hard time scheduling if everyone
wants to see a brand new exhibit or if there is too many people not everyone will be happy with the times given.

 Product Position Statement
A key feature of this system is to schedule customers based on favourabillity and help them organize their
time during their visit. Also, managers will be able to change prices for exhibits on the fly without resetting the system.
The system also supports infinitely scaling amount of exhibits.

 alternatives
 There are no direct alternatives to the system being developed
but direct competition is with other zoos such as columbus/cleveland zoo.

Stakeholder Descriptions:
The demographics for this system is users of all ages. this includes guests to the zoo and also
employees. 
	guest: pre built plan that gives them best viewing times according to favorbillity
	manager: wants to be able to quickily and effienctly change prices and track other things around the zoo
	keeper/vet/curator: maintain a consistant schedule for the animals and update schedules fast and easily
	sales anylst: wants to be able to analyze different sales report and also wants a fast log in process
	sys admin: wants the system to be easily maintainable to be able to handle errors fast and efficiently

Product Overview:
	The zoinkers system will ultimately be an app on users phones or could be on a computer as an app for employees 
	of the zoo. The system that employees use will be held in general offices where employees frequent or points of interest
	identified before installation.	

Summary of System Features:
- Change exhibit price (for managers only)
- customer schedule creation, based on favourabilillty and ranked on a hapiness scale
- system logs, all interactions and errors
- animal search (by name)
- transaction handeling, third party software payment authorization services
- account management